Add a note about container runtime (#153)
signalfx/splunk-otel-collector-chart: README.md

require additional configurations applied to
[values.yaml](helm-charts/splunk-otel-collector/values.yaml).

---
**IMPORTANT**

By default, the chart is configured to collect logs from k8s clusters with

> **docker** runtime which will be deprecated starting from Kubernetes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a **docker** runtime, which will be deprecated starting with Kubernetes
```

version 1.20.

> If your cluster is running with **contained** or **cri-o** runtime make sure to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your cluster is running with a **containerd** or **cri-o** runtime, make sure you
```
